Some updates to preferences and deck options screens (#131)
ankitects/anki-manual: src/preferences.md

Note: If you're using 2.1.50+ (Qt6), please, check [this page](./platform/windows/display-issues.md#qt6).

### Distractions
These options allow you to remove some unnecessary elements from the screen during reviews. You can:
- Hide the top and bottom bar during reviews.
- Enable the "minimalist" mode, making the interface more compact/less fancy.

> - Reduce motion, to globally disabling transitions/animations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reduce motion, to disable some transitions/animations.
```

- Switching between native styling and the Anki theme (only on Mac/Linux).

## Review

### Scheduler

**V3 Scheduler**  

> Using the Anki V3 scheduler is recommended for most users. It's documented here:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Anki V3 scheduler is recommended if you don't use AnkiDroid. It's documented here:  
```

deck.

### Browsing
**Default search text**
Allows you to customize the starting search text in the browser (eg, to start 
with "deck:current").

**Ignore accents in search (slower)**
When enabled, simple text searches automatically [ignore accents](./searching.md#ignoring-accentscombining-characters).

### Import/Export
**Legacy import/export handling**
If enabled, legacy (pre 2.1.55) import / export code will be used. It is recommended to deactivate this option. 

## Syncing
This tab contains options related to syncing with AnkiWeb.

### Synchronisation

**Synchronize audio and images too**
When enabled, media will also be synced with Ankiweb.

**Automatically sync on profile open/close**
Disable this if you don't want an automatic sync with Ankiweb when opening / closing a [profile](./profiles.md)]. 

**Periodically sync media**

**On next sync, force changes on one direction**
When this option is enabled, the next sync will
ask you whether you wish to upload or download. This is useful if
you have made some changes accidentally, and wish to overwrite them
with an older version that is on AnkiWeb.

### Ankiweb Account

> When logged in, clicking on this button will log you out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When logged in, clicking on Log Out will log you out.
```
